## What we are Looking For

Clean Code.
What does it mean? “There are probably as many definitions as there are programmers” as stated by Robert C. Martin in his book (Clean Code: A Handbook of Agile Software Craftsmanship – Chapter I), however we don’t preach here for one school of thought in particular. "What we are looking for" is pretty simple; Is your code easy for others to read and understand?

Your time is precious so if you want to focus on the minimum requirements expected from that exercise, the 3 elements below should be the focus of your effort;

* Consistency in coding style and object oriented practices
* High code coverage with unit tests

A simple console application does the job but if you wish to show more, it is always appreciated. However, it is important to keep in mind that we are looking for code quality and attention to details not quantity of code.

As a stretch goal, if you have the time, make your code and design easy to expand with a properly layered architecture (particularly for Lead and Architect candidates).

You may use frameworks and/or tools that are in general usage for the target technology stack. However, the central problem of the coding exercise (the calculation of sales tax) should be performed entirely by your own code.

```
Please note: Any additional required libraries should be added to the project using [NuGet](http://www.nuget.org) 
so that our build tools can build successfully.
```

```
We are not looking for you to spend forever on this exercises.
Please attempt to complete all the coding activities within a 4 to 6 hour timeframe.
```